Israeli military is targeting Central
Gaza as well as the south of the strip
hitting heavily populated refugee camps
in the area several have been hit in
central Gaza in the past days at least
three Palestinians have been killed in
noera Camp in deral Bala Israel's focus
is also turning towards Al maasi a tiny
strip of barren land between Rafa in
southern Gaza and the Mediterranean Sea
and this is where Israeli forces have
launched a series of strikes at an area
they had claimed was a safe zone for
Palestinians fleeing from across Gaza
hen Kadri is live outside the al- AA
Hospital in central Gaza hen just bring
us up to date with the latest and also
what's happening in our
masasi well yesterday it was an intense
day in raah where the Israeli forces
blew up residential squares residential
building and Palestinian civilian homes
and then it started more getting more
intense in almasi area where the Israeli
tanks invaded more deeper and pushed to
towards the west of uh uh the Gaza Strip
and the west of rafah we're talking
about an area that has at least 100,000
Palestinians seeking Refuge Al maasi is
an evacuation Zone and people stayed
there because it was uh designated as a
safe area where Palestinians chose to
stay and not move towards uh the the
Central area but again it the it was
very it it had very intense artillery
shelling and air strikes where people
again are now being currently displaced
we are seeing a lot of people coming
from RAF into the central areas on AR
rashed Street people are drained and are
exhausted from the amount of times they
have been displaced uh from a place to
another they're leaving uh forced to
leave their tents on also leaving Under
Fire people are telling us that they did
not have time to evacuate they found
artillery shelling and air strikes over
their heads so they U decided to leave
towards the middle area the middle area
where we are right now is completely
packed the heat is is getting uh the
situation worse everyone is in plastic
tents it's very hot uh there's a lack of
water lack of uh lack of food and people
are are searching and striving to find
one meal for their children and that's
all happening under continuous
bombardment and also people who came to
the central area found that there are
also air strikes in noat where we also
heard gun machines firing live
ammunition uh in the past hour so
there's no place safe in Gaza and
Palestinians are homeless and they have
nowhere to go and also of course the
number of injured is is rising you
outside the AL Hospital talk to us about
the situation with the hospitals in
Gaza well the hospital is not only a
hospital but it's it's an also a place
that hundreds of families are seeking
Refuge here moving inside the hospital
it's very crowded you'd find people
laying on the floor because there's no
bed there has been also other than the
injuries from the Israeli AR strikes
there has been a lot of diseases uh
spread between Palestinians and the most
common right now is Hepatitis A and
hepatitis B there's a lot of uh patients
inside the hospital uh uh suffering also
from chronic diseases the H the hospital
is overpacked overwhelmed and it's not
only that the hospital is working on
only one generator where they had to
turn off the second generator because
the lack of fuel they are calling and
appealing the United Nations and the
interational community to provide the
hospitals with fuel but Al AA hospital
is one of the only remaining hospitals
still functioning and still operating
and it's in a risk of shutting down in
any minute if they do not receive fuel
uh constantly every single day this uh
Hospital needs at least 4,000 lers of
fuel to work with all of the Departments
we're talking about the kidney dialysis
Department the incubators the surgeries
that are happening on hourly base but
there's something very important about
this hospital is it's a refuge for
hundreds of other displaced people
around me as you see are children uh
families and they're also trying uh to
find shelter in this hospital but again
the hospital is in the middle area the
middle area is being attacked
continuously by the Israeli forces and
people are in always in a state of fear
and frustration that uh the Israeli
forces are going to raidah and
especially the surroundings of ala
Hospital H CL talking to us from outside
alaka Hospital in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer